Add guidelines for repository inclusion (#276)
solid/process: repositories.md

# Repositories on github.com/solid
The [Solid GitHub organisation](https://github.com/solid/)
contains repositories that are managed by the [Solid Team](https://github.com/solid/team/),
covering the Solid specification and its processes and artifacts,
and public communication on the Solid project.

This document describes which repositories belong under _github.com/solid_,
and which repositories belong elsewhere.
This also pertains to other resources associated with those repositories,
such as Gitter chat channels bearing the same name.

## Repositories that are part of github.com/solid

> Repositories under github.com/solid need to satisfy the condition that:
> - their contents are managed by either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Repositories under github.com/solid need to satisfy the condition that their 
contents are managed by one or more of the following:
```
